Restore dashboards: Add limitations to the docs (#112848)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/dashboards/manage-dashboards/index.md

   - If the original folder no longer exists, you’ll need to select a new target folder.
4. Click **Restore**.

### Limitations

When you restore dashboards, be aware of the following limitations:

- **Permissions aren't preserved**: Dashboard-specific permissions are not restored. After restoration, you'll need to manually reconfigure any custom permissions that were previously set on the dashboard.

> - **Folder-level permissions apply**: Restored dashboards inherit the permissions of the target folder you select during restoration.

Reviewer: Because of the way the first bullet is worded, this one can sound like we mean that the previously existing folder permissions apply. Tweaked the wording slightly:
 
```suggestion
- **Folder-level permissions are applied** - Restored dashboards inherit the permissions of the target folder you select during restoration.
```

> - **Version history is reset**: The dashboard's version history is not preserved. After restoration, the dashboard starts with version 1, and all previous versions are lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Permissions aren't preserved** - Dashboard-specific permissions are not restored. After restoration, you'll need to manually reconfigure any custom permissions that were previously set on the dashboard.
- **Folder-level permissions apply** - Restored dashboards inherit the permissions of the target folder you select during restoration.
- **Version history is reset** - The dashboard's version history is not preserved. After restoration, the dashboard starts with version 1, and all previous versions are lost.
```
